al e you guys
are really motivated with this great song
but I'm going to cut it short because I posted a
10 hour video Okay then I think we
might be going crazy Hey, I'm
going to allow myself a
moment allow me a moment to share something
with you all okay for the
people who are coming to the live and
so on
in case you're
interested the first thing I'm going to do is
monetize the live because I didn't
monetize it yesterday I forgot I worked for free It's
okay for YouTubers we don't have
money to spare so we work for free
sometimes but I'm going to
share
[Music]
and this link that I'm putting today in the
pinned comment
okay This link that I'm putting today in the
pinned chat is the book that
Will sent me from Will's theater the
week is going a bit booky no and
and there are more coming so I don't know if
many of you follow Will here I'm sure I
followed him he's a big fan okay And hey
Will, haven't you dedicated it to me
No man Yeah yeah yes he did dedicate it to me
damn I mean listen listen he couldn't have done it
with all your balls  don't
send it to me dedicated no
eh To Javi for his eh admirable
ability to recover from
adversity okay And he dedicated it to me
eh brutal brutal the truth is that it's an honor
eh to have this in my house okay And well, I have
some entertaining vacations during
Easter or in the summer because
the book thing is going I mean Trium already has
their book too and Albert is coming next
week eh next week Yes in a
couple of weeks Albert's book comes out too
and nothing for all of you who follow
Will at Will's theater and for those of you who don't well
here is his book The
Mud Machine you can already imagine a little bit
what it's about and you have the link there in
the comment eh of the
fixed chat So from here Thank you very much Will you
know that I am very excited
eh all your successes and everything that is
good for you will also be good
for me today we have many things to
comment on I don't know which empar but I think we
could start with this alert
an reb or rather Ana requemada thanks
mexi vergas for supporting her in her war
against Dallas  they're recording me
says Christopher neurof funker it's
been a long time since I stopped being
surprised Christopher in this
internet life caela how are you Thank you so much
queen I send you a huge kiss
Thank you so much for your super chat
okay I don't know if you want us to set a
goal because today I don't know what excuse to
ask you for money okay So I'm
following Will from Will's theater since
Javi's rewind Oh well look how
nice Julio I'm glad I'm glad that's it
by the way the rewind is this
week let's see if we upload it with
some arrangements and let's see if we
also upload the New York blog that
watches videos on the
main channel every day So the editor is
a little overwhelmed okay Andy tell me an
excuse What excuse do I ask for a
goal today Andy you say it and I'll put it well
How nice no How nice this
reunion I mean it turns out that Messi
verga says with what delox
the humble published today I mean this is incredible not
as if it were news from delox about the
contracts hre's trial bur no no it does
n't come out of  delox or rather delos what he does
is put up a thread saying that now
all the ones there have signed a
contract with Dallas, so
all the contracts are annulled Because the debun is
annulled in this first instance, which we
still have to see how it turns out in the
end, meaning this will have to be a
provincial hearing and then if one of the two
also continues, supreme, meaning this will be
left, I don't know, 2 or 3 years, you never
know how long it might take, so
delox is crazy to know
the sexual issue of Dallas, please
girls you can break your silence now. I
don't understand why the [ __ ] he wants to know
and I don't understand why the [ __ ] he wants to
know who dlas is or isn't
sleeping with. But well, he's very
horny and he's looking forward to seeing Dalas's [ __ ],
it's just that another thing, no, I don't understand, no, he
already ate it in his day and
now he wants to see it and enjoy it, I don't
know what other explanation I can't find
for
delox about the annulment of a
confidentiality agreement between Dallas and hre
bour I remembered this video that I recorded in
2017 it's incredible that 8 years later 8
years 8 years This video is more current
than ever yes incredible the truth is that it is
Thank you very much caela A
kiss the excuse to ask for money is that you
are too
handsome okay come on good idea let's go to
l Prepare to hear what you already
know but You refuse to accept Prepare
to hear the truth here you will know
the true personality of Dallas
off camera what is that youtuber like that
amuses me so much with his videos
here you will find out from the mouth of a
person who knew him in person and
lived with him it's not Miare or Ingrid it's
Ann reborn a new victim of Dallas
a person who was used by one of
the youtubers bigp I mean if I'm not
mistaken
what reur was saying in the video was like
very absurd no I mean yes she could have
had something with him I understand no Or at
least at least a flirtation I don't
remember by heart eh I don't know if they were talking
about sleeping together or
hooking up or it just stayed a flirtation but
she said that she was the girl who
covered between  from one relationship to another no I
mean a few months passed between when Dallas
was with her ex until she met liy and and
being formally with liy I understand no
first it would be like they were hooking up I don't know how it came about I do
n't remember by heart
okay but she said like she
was there in the middle no imagine
not the typical one who is covering up no more or
less and that she felt bad because of course she did
n't stay with her in the end Mr
Famous okay Dallas denied it it was her who
made a movie Dallas denied
the relationship or denied some things in
particular of of what she said
because of course she says victim a new
victim But which one is it I mean why
Why is it called a victim because he wasn't
with her I mean they've reb as
far as I can remember we would have to
react to that video again but
well you already have a reaction right here
at the salsera formerly Javi the
brat m doesn't tell about mistreatment he doesn't tell about
aggression he doesn't tell any of that he
slept with her once but left her for
lisy Look at the video he dedicated to her
regarding Dallas's birthday a
spiteful woman it's true it's true she did to him
one made a music video it's true he
made a music video it's also
true the Shakira Well but what am I
telling you I mean why victim
as gossip works to me eh I mean
finding out if someone has hooked up with someone
else and all that stuff okay Well yeah of course I mean why not no Why not yes
yes we do it with all the famous the
famous and so on but really
victim victim the
most famous and successful in Spain but
being a successful youtuber doesn't mean
that he's a good person today it can be
proven here with this video grab the
popcorn and like this video Well
what happens here is that Messi verga
uploaded 16 the entire video not from the time
16 minutes that I'm not going to watch no but
well I'm going to jump a little bit like this
to see what he's
Thanking an No of course not that's not
romantic that's sick Dallas you're
sick you're an emotional predator
Dallas you're cunning but even the
smartest killer in the world sooner or
later ends up behind bars d
always 2017 2017 and d was going to end up behind
bars  Well, in short, they reunited with this
guy, and in the end, you can have your
story with Dallas. You
can think that he could have behaved
better with you or that he should have
chosen you instead of Ali. You can
consider yourself whatever you want. No,
and you can even discuss the issue of
contracts. Okay, well, it doesn't
seem shady to me. The contracts, no, it's just
the color they want to
give them. It's great, perfect. No, you can
discuss whatever you want. A kiss, Caela.
But the birthday thing and he put actors in
to pretend to be Dallas and Lic. No, it wasn't
crazy. The video clip, wow,
if they want to revive all that gossip, the
truth is that we would have to relive it
all. But, well,
we haven't met Messi Berga and I don't think I
ever got to tell you because I was
in really bad shape when
that video came out. But thank you for believing me and
spreading my story so long ago.
You were one of the only ones, if not the only
male creator who showed me some
support. So
thank you. I don't think I was the only
male creator who showed him support. I
think that's a lie. I think
everyone supported that video at the
time.  if it was a big deal
we're talking about the year 2017 so
now you seek shelter in Messi
verga we're talking about a guy who's
really a lot we couldn't talk
too much about Messi verga eh we could go into a
lot of things that maybe
have nothing to do with it but so that it has to
do with the Lore of Dallas the
exhibition that he did of Lizy okay they
sent him the clues of who Lizy was No
look this is the new Nova of Dallas take it out
okay
and now you take out Who is the new
Girlfriend of Dallas because it can be done it's
part of the content that we
dedicate ourselves to we haven't done it with many
famous people but he sent
like insults and a lot of stuff no
but above all Messi verga we could
talk about many other things about Messi
verga eh I want to meet him
someday and and and and and I'll show him
something to wake him up we'll do something
but above
all with Naya there was something that happened that we should
n't forget and that is that Messi
verga took Naya Naya worked as a
webcammer Okay and
naya someone recorded her at her
webcam job to humiliate her and expose her
okay
eh I don't know if it's known who did it okay
someone sent Messi Berga that video I
don't know if Messi Berga has said at some point
who did it or doesn't want to say
or or he'll even lie about the subject I don't
know the truth eh we don't have to
reveal our Sources no but but my
sir he spread that video well he
insulted her he humiliated her eh he said everything to her
in that video
and and he posted the video I mean I think he
shared it in a link in the description and he
humiliated naya with a video in which he was
working as a webcammer yes it was a
video nopor it was a video
[Music]
nopor that was tremendous eh that was tremendous
then Of course you lean on this
guy if in the end what hre wur eh
For me it comes down to something very absurd I
mean everyone will have their version of the
friendship or roll that they had okay
em she would see it as something very ugly very
traumatic I don't know okay  that you want or not
but in the end it's a few months of
hanging out with a guy Javi I don't know if you'll have a
shadowban or something but your last live
streams weren't notified to me and seeing the
comments on your live yesterday I'm not
the only one so that's what the
WhatsApp group is for Look I'm going to send an
audio I'm going to send an audio to the
WhatsApp group okay guys we're at the
salseria they're telling me that
the notifications aren't working well okay
we're at the salseria live because there's
a lot of gossip get in the
WhatsApp group How many people are in the
WhatsApp group are there 3700 people in
the WhatsApp group if you can there is
the link to the WhatsApp group in case there are
people who aren't in it yet
but I always put you in the
WhatsApp group because there it notifies you of all
the live streams of all the videos I mean that doesn't
fail
okay the thing with hre B is completely
unnecessary they convinced her and
pushed her to make a video talking about her
thing with Dallas and that he didn't choose
her and that the guy was I don't know what the guy
was I don't know how much but in the
end it wasn't even abuse  It wasn't abuse
or anything like that it was just a [ __ ] load of rubbish
and now this girl is 8 years later 8
9 years later happily married and she's
in this mess that if you sue that she does
n't sue in Spain I mean you're freaking out that
yes you can say that the
contract is valid, well it's not
valid, well dala behaved better with me she
behaved worse but in the end what's the
need, a kiss, to be involved in
a trial, to spend money on this,
this mess to have participated in
a funa I mean it doesn't make any sense it doesn't make
any sense
no And now you're there getting
closer to Messi berga Tommy e Tommy
what's going on with Tommy Well Tommy I'm going
to put it in context a little and I'm going to
tell you why Of course today I had
contact with Tommy today he
wrote to me in the
afternoon a kiss fallela they are sending
a lot of messages and they don't ring I don't know
why But anyway a kiss a kiss
eh Tommy well he made the following
video if there is proof for those of you who are
watching this on YouTube in the excerpt
Well if you've already seen it  yesterday This is the
context okay it lasts 3 minutes I'm going to
put it And you can skip
ahead if you want okay let's give a
little context I'm going to tell you what
Tommy told me today and we'll see
Frank's response because Frank is very pissed off
Look there wizard has put
the link to the WhatsApp group in the chat you
can go in there because the
notifications for the live
videos don't fail okay to stay he's hitting
the animals there nobody is going to hit him
a dog it's that the dog has to be
educated the dog does not come educated from the
factory and you have to shove his nose in the
[ __ ] and you have to spank him or you have to hit him
people will come out who
will say No no positive training
positive training my balls dar
as riew the controversial youtuber is going to
recover sugos after 7 years of
legal battle and although I was not going to
comment on this subject I can't stop
someone from saying this nonsense
especially when that person is considered
a reference in the animal world it
seems to me simply shameful to
justify violent acts that he may have committed
dar R  viw with her
greyhound puppy saying that this is the way to
train a dog first when a dog
pees or defecates in the house it is to
respond to a physiological need a
puppy cannot hold it for a long time
and simply tomy is very zzz good
night kids kiss knows where
things have to be done or not scolding
a dog running his head to put it
in his pee or his poop is a mistake from the
beginning and the truth is that I am
quite surprised that the FR of the says those things
If you hit scold your dog because he has
done poop on the floor in the house the only thing
you are going to achieve is that he will develop a fear
of doing it in your presence and most
likely in the future he will hide
to do it and it may even be very
difficult for you to do it by spending him with
Korea on the positive training phase
my balls that Leaves a lot to be
desired positive reinforcement It is an
incredible tool to educate a
dog and although it is necessary to set
limits on a dog that is
overstimulated or that has
uncontrolled games with human dogs
violence is never justified not even with
a Choa  not even with a Terra Noova one thing
is that in this era dasas thought that it
was the appropriate way to train a
dog, which I understand perfectly
because our generation has grown up with
the myth of dominance and the
alpha male, that we had to dominate our
dog, subdue it and make it understand that
we were in charge, myself Edu, my
first dog in a very harsh way, but I
did it out of ignorance and today no
professional trainer could
validate what you just said, the dog goes
with Dallas, he's going to have a
shitty week, that is to say, the dog gets used to
another place, throwing punches, don't
tell me stories that the dog is going to get
depressed. That's not true, every dog is
unique, there are breeds that are more sensitive than others
and there are dogs that will simply never
recover from the loss of
their owners, kiss Christopher. Last year I
visited a shelter and saw
two greyhounds that were there because their
owner had died and both had two
huge holes in their heads caused
by the loss of brain mass due to
depression, that's why saying that Argos
is going to be fine in a few weeks doesn't make
any sense because you're  assuming
something without knowing, maybe it will be fine,
but you can't say for sure,
and you've given that dog the chance to
maybe run on the beaches of
Dubai and you've condemned it to walk
in a park, you have to be very
biased and very hypocritical to say that,
but it will be better off in Dubai than in
Catalonia, Spain, first of all, Dubai is an
ultra-religious country and Islam, for the most part,
considers dogs impure and
simply cultural, they don't see them as
pets, much less as members of the
family, secondly, Dubai is a desert, no more, no
less. It's sunny all year round and
the temperatures are very extreme and it
's not a climate adapted to the greyhound, which
has very thin skin and little
protection from its
hair, okay,
loss of brain mass due to
depression. Well, Tommy says it, okay,
Dallas' response was the following:
incredible,
mistreating his dog is incredible,
yes, it's true that eh, the haters
took that clip of Tommy as a very
defensive defender of the other side, no, and very
against Dala, but of course. What he
's really saying: Ah, Tommy is
criticizing Fran, okay, he doesn't think it's right
that Fran  uh support that from time to time we have to
give the animals a touch well
those are opinions we have been
discussing them all these days No but in
reality what Tommy is saying is that
well that Dallas in the past he
himself even uh years ago he trained
the dogs like that but now he doesn't do it I
swear to you the Katy angel who really
mistreated and was completely and
absolutely negligent regarding her dogs verified
by her own ex-husband and even with
proof literally with proof and this piece of
trash French without pardo with a pair
of balls is dedicated to talking trash about
me when at the same
time Javi for the donation 3s of laat
don't sound well I think I imagine it will be
because he would have to remove the limit
grandpa is transforming into Ricky
Edison take off That mustache the kids
order it yes yes more or less it comes to the
same more or less Yes very similar
eh In fact
Ricky well no I'm not going to say what I was going
to say then we'll talk about Ricky Okay
now in a while we're going to see an
exclusive that Andy has given that I
imagine Because it will be less than a dollar I
don't know if I can remove  that stopper Thanks
Wilco's book purple
Will's book bought bought that
you that you have failed encarni
Thank you very much for buying it the truth
and I will read it but you tell me
first in carni when you read it and What did you
think And how about it I imagine that the
mud machine will go a little
Eh Well of the spreaders of hoaxes and
things that are done not to cover up
real news no there you have it
Will's theater you have the book in the
link of the fixed chat okay the
truth For me it is an honor that he sent it to me
dedicated it was dedicated to defending the
sick Katy Angel it is that very very
very crazy we will never hear anything again about the
Katy Angel case not with the husband who
sued each other and all the and all that stuff
no that they owed each other so much money they didn't
say anything again co but very very very
crazy I swear it is exaggerated when there is
evidence as such explicit like the
chick locked up the dog and poop
everywhere it's exaggerated and they are going to
tell me the same thing why because she had the
house in a mess  one day that men
interference that incredible that is going to be
reported eh I tell you Ah yes that is going to
be reported well since giving the
said there are going to be There are going to be several
complaints on the subject of the video of
miare ha there are several there are going to be there are going to be
several legal procedures
on the subject of miar okay eh There are a
few things not only what happened at the
house okay eh
Tommy well This is about Katy Angel
and the fact that you see a broken diaper
inside a cage does not mean that
the puppy was mistreated that he spent hours
and hours inside the cage suffering it
is not like that Remember that puppies
especially when they are babies even more so when they
are babies they bite everything because because they
are discovering the outside world
through their little mouths they put their whole
mouth in it is like human babies everything goes
into the
mouth
Oh man do you know what Tommy has done he has
deleted the he has deleted the
conversation
with me he has deleted but apparently he has been
doing it for a long time I
mean he has deleted all of
his messages he has deleted all of his messages
What a peculiar character man
uh he came to tell me something like that he
came to tell me something like that la la
I in my title yesterday I put like that
Tommy was all against Dallas but
that he wasn't all against Dallas
because he was also against
some of my things that I had no
proof
of that it
was anything bad to have a
messy house that I can't remember by
heart Now he came to tell me that he had
given some points to the other one
also like well it wasn't what we saw
But okay I'll read it but of course if he
deleted it I can't
read it Fran said this regarding Tommy's shorts
what's up guys let's see one thing
you're filling me up
won't he be related to Delox or the ex of
Animu
eh CP with a
dog trainer a French guy who says that
dog training has to be
all positive what such what such what I'm saying It's
nonsense Well here
each of us has our own idea of
doing things and obviously when I've
had a dog I've trained it the
way I considered it should be
trained okay what he
says what I'm saying It's
nonsense well  better are
barbarities right now I don't have a dog
if I had a dog and it had to be
trained I would surely do the
same because it has always worked for me
with dogs and they have always been
balanced ok That means that you have to
mistreat them no that means
that you have to get someone like an
authority okay especially when you go out with
the dogs and here for example they do
n't use the rope or
the cor or whatever you call it and because of
road danger because of danger of this and that
always a
voice Well I think it has saved his
life I repeat he is a guy who is
dedicated to this well [ __ ] Well we will have to
listen to him you understand But I suppose
different
cases different methods that are used the
positive training right now for
years yes no I tell you no I have
done a program about dogs and
dog training and obviously that is
used but at the time I have
brought my dogs in when I have had them
that way without abusing them Well it
seems that I go around hitting dogs out there
now because there are four idiots who
do not understand they do not understand
eh what is  he says but you don't have to say
anything or fight or anything or
get into trouble if he's a
dog trainer and he's telling you that
then when you have a dog take it
to a dog trainer or
listen to what the
dog trainers say and follow their
rules those of us who are older then we will
use methods not abusive
okay but But that doesn't mean that
suddenly I'm a dog killer you
understand what happens is that you know
how the internet is there are a lot of
idiots and and well it's also very
good to beat the [ __ ] out of Fran Cuesta
Because it gives you
visibility in a shitty
you understand that it doesn't go the trained way, I
mean everyone does what they do And
if he knows about dogs
Well we'll have to listen to him so
listen to the dog trainers and don't
listen to me because I don't have a [ __ ]
clue okay That's it
what do you want me to say
come on totally
after this video Tommy well
Win michu thanks to tomy you also
sent it to me  just before starting
the live we also shared it okay so
this screenshot isn't mine okay I mean I have
n't given anyone a like or anything like that they
just sent me uh I mean
no Thank you really okay or they are
very hurt very desperate right now
and then whatever
comes to him well well it comes to him not well it
comes to him But well I mean actually
not much help but well
basically yes no because of the issue of
taking him to Dubai and so on
uh Tommy yesterday did a live stream of which
we were watching some extracts
I have it summarized I have it summarized but I didn't
want to watch it because already summarized I
think he sent me places the
40 minute extract So I'm not going to be here for
two hours watching Tommy
okay kiss caela Thank you very much
Frank the thing
is that he's gone
and I'm not even talking to you about this case I'm
talking to you about other things that well I'm I'm doing a
lot of research on Frank In
fact I paid 10 to see his
reports on dmax about the bull
makeup and Frank has been doing it for a few years now  he's
gone crazy So it doesn't
surprise me that he suddenly defends Adas
and says all that
nonsense it's like Elon Musk Elon Musk I
loved Elon Musk but he's
completely gone crazy let's see Frank the
thing about
Frank is that he's gone What's going on with this Well what happens
with this is that Fran is very
pissed off eh yeah he's pissed off by the way
Fran and I are planning to do
a regular show we haven't
given it a shape yet but it's quite likely that we'll
give him a regular show to
comment on all the topics of the week I don't
know what day of the week that would be eh
Well we'll see okay we'll see we'll
see what day we'll see if we do it
Yes in the main Lili Yes yes in the
main okay Fran told me the other
day and and we're trying to give it a
twist but well I think I imagine
that we'll wait until he's
stronger or or until these days pass and
and we'll talk about it okay We'll talk about it
But well he's pissed off eh I mean Fran
is pissed off and and Look what he said I'll
just tell you one little thing no  turn me on do
your thing and leave me alone he's been
talking about me for three days I
repeat don't
turn me on tomy immediately what he
did was delete the entire
conversation with me and I don't know if he'll say anything else
because it seems to me that it seems to me that
things are
tense I want to remember that with
bullfighting Fran was talking about preserving the
species not about applauding the killing of
animals the subject of
bullfighting is very extensive if you want one day
when Fran uploads it we'll talk about it and we'll renew it
okay but it's very extensive I mean the
subject of bullfighting
uh it's about the fact that basically it's not
something that can be cut short okay that
's the summary of everything We'll
see if tomy says something again no I don't
think so no I don't think he's going to say
anything else okay apparently Fran is influenced by
several things and knows several things
because Tommy has had several conflicts
with other creators on other
occasions too what about Well if he says
something if they say something we'll comment on this
basically really
eh Although I have material for I don't know if
a possible video  of these of mine or
whatever
eh that causes me a lot of rejection this
man and and and I wouldn't love for him to be
a character on this channel but ugh
and it's that I don't even know why or how and
yesterday I fell I don't know Why I don't know if he had
put the thumbnail I don't know
why
okay but I get into the live and he's
with me again okay he's
reacting to a video in which he is now
involved he is hooked on mafia ant
why is he hooked on mafi on TV
because now he is Mr. Doctor's pet
so everything that has gone against my
doctor which is what he is giving him a
visit now well he is going to be his
job is to give it to everyone who
messes with my doctor and criticizes anything about
Mr. Doctor okay there is a video eh I mean there is
a video that I will probably make
at some point and there are many
interesting things that I have to tell you
that I did not know there are many
interesting things that I did not know but yes yes it
gives to explain why the [ __ ] I mean
this guy with the ass that gave with the
trials that I have had and so on It turns out
that with my  doctor, did you
think it was exaggerated that they take him to court,
no, and that Marifer had already called
herself a [ __ ] on many occasions and that
[ __ ] is a way of speaking and anyway we have we have
but that's what those are
[ __ ] Compared to other things that
came to me But well we'll talk about it
okay but anyway what
guy is with this subject and he's
constantly putting it in me guy Javi
changes his cologne No look look I'm
talking about it and I'm putting on
repellent no example of This was his
confrontation with Javi Oliveira the
problem started when the Spaniard made
a criticism of a video by Dross
which caused the latter to respond
And you know what his response was what was this
this making a montage with
poop on me and telling my wife that she's
all over YouTube in the middle of the controversy
but another one who also deleted all of his
content as soon as he gave him the
interview makes a very strange pause that they
give me
cause I don't know, he does some very strange things I don't
know if they are okay but look at what he
says here all over his [ __ ] face as
if I wouldn't defend my wife  or as
if I didn't defend my family of course
and this because you're not going to piss me off
with this issue you know, I mean I
literally cornered Dros, I
cornered him and I was fighting with Dros
as if seven Dross had come to me And
look what he does in the middle of the
controversy but another one who also deleted
all of his content as soon as he gave him the
interview did all that to him But as
soon as Dross gave him the interview and
they made peace, he deleted everything that was
bad that had been said about him and suddenly he started
attacking those people who also
criticized him curious curious your dick
that you just made all this up
because you've come out of your dick The
other day we caught you making it up
all over your face that Dalas in an audio
told me that I couldn't not agree with him
or attack or I had to he
told me Who had to attack, I mean, I
took it out of his dick and now here I
catch him again dude I swear it was Random
eh I got in I passed like this The mouse and I saw that and I
saw my my face I say to  let's see what Let's see what he
said Now well, he doesn't fail to invent
again okay, a invention again, I mean,
the new followers he has from
Latin America don't have a [ __ ] clue about the
stalker defamer that you are okay, I
mean, when did Dross fall on me
with an interview, I mean, Dross, a year after the
two of us were fighting, I didn't want under
any circumstances to bend anything that he
was saying about him and when
things cooled down a year later because I don't
obsess over people or dedicate my
life to people okay, I don't even live in the
last year, some even live in
2017 okay em the
one I fixed things with was
first with Danan because we crossed paths and
with some mutual friends we talked and
solved things. Hey, what a fight we had, we
didn't take back what we
had said about each other and through
Danan it was agreed that we should talk, drog
and I, then drog called me on the
phone, we
talked about it, he explained it to me, gave me some
explanations about some of the things
that I had said about him and  he
apologized to me he apologized to
Lorena and not only over the phone but he
posted a tweet and in a live broadcast he
also mentioned it He apologized to
Lorena okay eh he's my friend dros No he's not
a friend he's a colleague from the platform
who at the time that we made the
pass well I've been able to count on him
for anything that I've
needed or rather the other day for example le le le
le p di Hey do you want to appear my
rewine the man ran out of time to
make a scene already at the time of making
peace we made a call here the two of us
Chatting I don't remember what topic on
the main channel okay but that they
gave me an interview and I deleted everything
and what and what insults and what and that I'm in
charge of attacking anyone who messes
with Dross or rather at what point I take
charge of going after him okay And of course here
is what I told him I say good as it happens
dro apologized
publicly it's like my grandfather used to say
curious that his name is also Javier
Olivas Javi oliveira seems to be a member
because the haters don't know it  they take out of
the mouth XD and well daily reminder
that you check the fan community of ri
whoever doesn't do it queasy But if it is that it is not that he
speaks or is evidently
I understand who I am I understand that he has to
talk about me to eat okay And
apart He has to talk a lot about me okay
the thing is that eh he makes up
things as if they were you know but with all
his chicken he remains so so Pancho and he remains
so
Pancho okay I remember that you ate the
debate because turboplane was a debate with
Dana because turboplane neither with one nor with the
other and on top of that the piece of false and
liar turboplane I gave the
phone to Dross when to me Well
not to Dross to Dallas no when to me Dallas
asked me for the phone and I did not give it to him and
there is Dallas who does not go with me he is not going to
let me lie I did not give it to him and he makes it up
for the [ __ ] face but like everything they do
no but that to me my mouth fell
drog with a collaboration But this would
have shut my mouth from the
beginning I would not have done gameover
or all the  videos that I made you know and of course
you're confusing me with
this other creator who spent months
calling delox a scammer
even interviewing the lawyers who were handling the
case and deleted everything from one day to the next
without giving an explanation to his
followers just because he gave him an
interview also I remember that they
sent me the clip you like submissive women so much that
you've even become
one they sent me the clip of the guy all
excited that he even
paid for the new interview show
because of course as it was that moment of
delos fighting with Dalas from the
Willy game and such It could already be seen in the sky
okay like heo a thousand things he has invented
things about villin's personal life he
has invented things about everyone's personal life
kiki from Dallas everyone
okay dude Look who is delox who
is delo but it's that this guy who
made Who is delo and now you put a
clip where
turboplane that the scammers are
but delo is the supreme scammer seen
Dallas is that it is a superior level it is
like the god of scammers he is the
biggest scammer of  Spain for real and I'm
falling short several pyramid scams
not one several has stolen hundreds of thousands
of dollars from his followers with
cryptocurrency scams and to this day he still has
a channel in which he continues to
dedicate himself to scamming people
[Music]
and has deleted all the videos he
made to delo okay these are my
principles if you don't like it he has deleted
all the videos because delox
granted him of course delo delo left the
morning he fought with Dallas to
write to all the haters
privately to Win michu to one of the other
no and this one said delos on my channel for the
first time in his life 2000 viewers
Okay I'm going to reach 20,000 views
Let's go let's go and
the [ __ ] who gave delox has not followed again I
mean he has not followed again the
delox case he has not returned to cover
the accusation that delos still has of
what has happened of whether it will be archived
if it is not archived of the
Christ Pain issue okay Hello  Javi What's wrong with you
Are you angry a big kiss a kiss Okay
but everything everything everything delo Miguelo pamb
crypto dismantling Javi oliveira
whitewashing delox well tremendous
tremendous okay he deletes it he doesn't give a [ __ ]
explanation days the day before or two
days before he interviews delo
delo uploaded to the discussion which was when
I uploaded too and was debating delo and well he
started to mess with the discussion because of the
fact that they haven't
questioned him at all which is that they haven't
questioned delox at all that they had
a scammer there and they haven't questioned anything
okay Well then with his [ __ ] with his [ __ ]
[ __ ] okay with his [ __ ] [ __ ] the
guy
has still
caught me he put this Taco on me which is
obviously that I get dizzy just
trying to read it because they are
jerks I looked
over some sentences here maybe you are confusing
yourself when you were saying it to
Germn Garmendia a curious thing Go [ __ ] yourself
clown you are a clown
okay And you are a  stalker but it has caught my
attention This is okay this has caught my
attention the one who says that we rub shoulders
with stalker accounts
that bear his name giving lessons to
others No because I have answered an
account that says he is a stalker
because his name is the submissive that I
have no [ __ ] idea about this account nor do I
follow it like you guys I followed all the
stalking accounts okay but it's not that
I rub shoulders or criticize you because you
get along with a stalker I am saying
that you are the stalker or I mean in your case
it is that you are the stalker what is
this account doing to you they made a montage for you
low Oh the baby And what are you
doing to touche And what are you doing to him
you are the stalker to me you have made a
dog you have dedicated an entire program to
a dog that talks that if my hair has been
put in very bad shape that if the face that if I do
n't know what a montage putting an ass
in my face to
touche that I talk to an account
that makes you that makes a montage But if
you are like that  account Well you are
worse okay I mean you should be
reported for many things and if it has not
been reported as it happens okay If it has not
been reported Never it is okay
because because there are
many of you there are many okay if it were only
one but it is that there are
many of you
There are some who have a
law firm that they
cannot even mention but all some
like I do know What it is m and we
do know their name and surname
because people have come to tell us m
however it will be that they do not have
enough cases that they hire them in the
Treasury which is where they should hire the what a
warning no what a warning more
Cool Okay family to the next topic
e It turns out that they have been giving
the ones from the discussion group a hard time for not eh
confronting Fran the other day when when he
went up and not refuting anything to Fran okay
here we have the community of
mexiverga almost nothing no good This is
supposed to be uncle shur according to Messi
verga
okay we commented on it here live
I was not in that discussion group but
we reacted the next day and we said
wow that looked bad they looked bad I don't know  I
could do that so you could notice the
weird atmosphere above Tommy Tommy literally exploded
but I don't know it seemed ugly to me it seemed ugly to me
but it's not going to happen again
in the same way because laser kind of
came in unexpectedly nobody expected it at
delox's invitation Frank s is
different is different is different I don't
know let's ban the spammer
Ah he was
spamming he was spamming man I mean the
desperation of this man
[Music]
Look at me if dick I'm wanting him
[Music] we
were crossing okay in the cell chat to
see if he would get attention and he got
out of hand calling the Okay and and and and that's
what you are now I mean you're like you
're [ __ ] it's that a pass has more
more audience than you now I mean fate
What you are is below the
below the below of anyone I mean you
are a canine javil That is the level
more or less Well I think that canine javil
has more repercussions right now than
you But well let's listen to the
explanations that cel has given regarding that
subject that  of the criticism not in case you don't
know Of course if you were in
the live you would know but if you
saw the live repo unless you
look at the chat of the last live
which I rarely think people watch
when francal joined the tertulia or rather
To the pan vitulia there was
chaos there was madness in the chat
but at stratospheric levels no no no no
no wait I get ads because
I'm with the secondary account
for something I pay the prize the best I think
are
members debate with nauter because there's
something I didn't like no no that we
all go against that person but that
person says well I'm against
stuttering because he insults Javi and I want to
debate with him Something like that no now if
the others well that person wants us to talk let's
talk But let it be like an
organized debate no no a jungle So to
speak but it has to be done well it has to be done
well my is crazy It doesn't leave in everyone what do you
say dude what do you say you're
crazy all versus gel also that
apart it will be done apart it will be done
but  what would also be cool is if we
were all on discord well This is
basically a live that has announced
of another debate What will Twitter do this
weekend The good thing about you is that you don't
need to put the camera so it's
your moment it's your moment
another debate I want to hook up again
me with Ricky Ed
there debate with who I missed well we're
going to leave it here now we're going to
start commenting on the debate This is really going to
be a debate This is different on
Saturday we'll probably tell you in the
Friday discussion but surely on
Saturday the 15th we'll announce the time there's a
debate with all the people who want to
be there and who disagree with the
discussion it's your turn moment if you want to
come debate you're welcome Ah I
mean they're all going to come Ah I
thought it was only him
mm let's see I'm going to see some
conclusions debate with who I
missed well we're going to leave it here now
we're going to start commenting on the debate This is
really going to be a debate Eh This is really minors
As adults
you at 20 years old I at 20 years old  I was a
different person than I am now eh
100% I'm completely different But
being 20 years old doesn't defend you from many
things no no Javi against stuttering on
Saturday the same He's right because the
Dallas of the
past
enas is that it is not a debate
last year As time goes by he got into it
with delox because he didn't defend Dallas and he
considered him a bad friend for not defending him
in front of the people in a difficult moment that he
was going through That's the issue and right now
Frank has gone through the
same thing the chaotic debate is very unnecessary I
see it No man what's going on man we
want him what did you think that Frank was going
to throw Dallas down his throat at this
moment when that's precisely why he
got into it with delox a few months ago it just does
n't make sense it doesn't make sense It seems
that people are new to the internet or as I
say they are very blinded by a it's that I do
n't know I don't
know when you're going to sleep in the space no in
that one no it's that you don't understand but I in
the Twitter spaces Normally I fall
asleep because I'm not prepared for
that normally when there are chats
or when I know that I'm going to stay up  I take a nap late I
take a monster
to have energy but I
say it in the Twitter spe in a non-ironic way
for me when I start it
my thought is that they last 2s TR hours
at most not almost 10 as there was a
day that it lasted we can put together the space with rubs what do you say nothing I don't know it's not like it's not like pisitos it's different I'll look at it to see how we do it I'll look at it to see also we have to have another debate with pambiitos where but on
Twitter but this
week fight every two by three because
a person thinks differently than you and I
repeat It's that I've been saying all
week Frank is Dallas' friend for me
Frank thinks like this and has changed his
opinion based on knowing
Dallas easy and simple Frank a few
months ago last year As
time goes by he got into it with delox because he didn't
defend Dallas and he considered him a bad
friend for not defending him in front of the people in
a hard time that he was
going through That's the
issue Well more than that for attacking him I mean
No it's not for not defending
if not more of the delo thing is that he joined  to
the mob because he saw that it was a position
that was going to generate more interest and right now
Frank has happened to him the same thing did you
think that Frank was going to throw
Dallas around his neck at this moment when
precisely because of that ra token in the chat
Jackson
Tulia messed with Delox a few months ago
it just doesn't make sense it doesn't make sense It
seems that people are new to the internet
or as I said they are very blinded by a controller I don't
know I don't know
Well how much are you going to sleep in space
well that on the one hand [ __ ] This
lasts an hour I curse everything that
Juanco sent me tip rac those affected Macedonia
by
Simon tiparraco [ __ ] This lasts
an hour I'm going to send this to the place and have him
look at it because apparently this is apparently it is that they have
reported
these people they are filing several
reports against Silvia and and the other one is
filing several reports and and they are
reports like there are things going on there potent
eh sea there are things going on there fat girl eh let's
see our Princess what do you want me to
tell you for  you Well I haven't blocked you no no no I didn't
block you no I didn't block you I
unfollowed you I unfollowed you do you want me to tell you do you want me to do something you want to get involved do you want to
put me in a clip
get on Twitter I'm on my [ __ ]
Prime taking things seriously
work seriously that lately chat
the ads on
Twitch I love you if I've done something wrong
you can tell me what do you want me to
tell you in a polite way but who
are you talking to
or or in an impolite way I mean I can be
polite or I can't tell you that your
content is [ __ ] and that you make
pretty weird comments Ah fy F is on everything all the
time he spends the day browsing
all the chats to get clicks or
rather and create content eh or I can just come and
tell you well we differ in
opinions we differ in morality in
ways of seeing life in focusing on
things polite better Well basically that's why we
disagree in ways of seeing things
of behaving of reacting of
communicating okay because I also
consider you a communicator or
communicator I think you are a girl right you are a you are a
communicator Ah but you
lack a little respect too much I mean I
understand that she makes gossip you can make
gossip but bro putting a
naked image cone of a woman who is a
streamer that is worth it that she made H fans
because this girl made H fans but you
undress her
cone eh Who is it is a boy who makes
gossip on Twitter he is a I don't know how how do you
call yourselves Twitter salsa dancers I don't do it
I didn't do it but that is not a
justification it is that although he has not said
you although you have not caught the ia and you
have undressed her you have spread it It is that it
is the same [ __ ] me What does he mean
by that what what what nudity did he spread fy
made a cone but it's like no I don't it's that I do
n't know with what to give you an example I don't know
with what to give you an example but you have
understood me I think that you can make gossip
in a healthy way For example you can
take as an example I know Javi
well it's that Javi that Javi is not a
super good example because there are times when he
slips lately Javi for
example  I see him do things with more
respect, you know. I mean, Javi,
Javi, I'll have a lot of things against
Javi. You know, because well, it's been a long time since I last
released a video, I have to say it, eh, it's been a
long time since we appeared on
Javi's Channel, hey, chat Clap Clap, we're doing
better and better if he appears He didn't
appear a couple of days ago, no, each time in
fewer controversies, each time in fewer
Twitter hoes, in fewer Ricky videos and in
fewer Javier Oliveira videos, each time he
plays it hurts, eh, Javi makes healthy salsa. Let's
see, not completely, but at least he has
some moral
values, for example, there was once a time
where he could have taken a video of me,
like, tell me if I should watch the chat where he
was talking to Pambi, who was 13, are you here to talk about 13-year-old
people, my dick,
are you here to talk about 13-
year-old people, cool or throwing a lot of b at me and he didn't
do it, so it's like I have him in
consideration, I think Javi has
like 1% of my respect That's why he's a
Princess, dude, Sur, let's see dude, Sur, Sur
also skates, I mean a un  Do you
remember when that thing happened? Well,
basically he started saying that he was
a G chat and that I was an I don't know what you
know and in the title in the thumbnail of the
video he started putting the face and saying
giga chat it's like dude what are you doing These are
jokes no s then uncle Sur is not
like the it's that dude all of you who make
gossip Well, also uncle Sur what he
uploaded of the capture of What is the
name of what they do chat show the
chat show that they did that they all came out
doing the symbol the greeting This I think
the other day he saw a clip of yours that
uncle Sur invited me
to a Well, the thing is that he doesn't talk to me on md
well let's see yes he talks to me on md
but not to invite me to the chat show uncle
Sur espila Invite me well actually I don't
know if I want to go the truth because eh that they
declare publicly like that they
dedicate themselves to publicly spreading a certain
type of here if princess comes these
days she will upload it I already spoke to her the other
day and she will upload it Well  I don't know I have to
meet up with her sometime
but she says that her uncle talks to her on
md but not to invite her to the
gathering so why does he talk to her?
Greetings do you understand what I
mean I appreciate you knowing the reasons
why you unfollowed me if I'm
honest I've messed up and I know it but
after always defending you and being by
your side it doesn't seem emotional enough to me it does
n't seem emotional enough to you but I
respect it let's see I don't owe
anyone anything I mean I don't owe anyone any follow
for defending myself Even though you've
defended me like one it's not your duty I
mean Hey but when princess comes what do we
do we do it here at the salsera or we
do it at Javi Oliveira I haven't
asked you at any time to
defend me I mean I don't owe you anything if you've
wanted to defend me it was because you
wanted to because it was your uh
freedom to be able to express yourself on the internet
but I don't owe you anything I mean I don't
owe you a follow or anything And if I see
a  thing that I don't like and I
see it more and more because it wasn't just with Ari it was
with Ari with the cat with I don't know what that you
started uploading like photos with the cat
eh Mazo de Well that eh explicit of
girls with such a tone that I don't agree with,
I don't agree much with that I follow on the
internet the people that I love if there are
people yes you I see that the princess thing
Let's see I think that when Such when
we have talks and so on that we do it
on the main one which is that in the end it is
my channel it is that this is a
secondary channel to be every day
commenting on the daily gossip and
so on But I see that when
we have guests and so on and talks and
so on it is for the main one and then Here
the
excerpts if your content is going to be
on TV all the time eh And it is
shitty content that I don't want to see
because they are things that I do not defend
because I am not going to defend that you take and it
is a photo of a But when well I
already talked about it a few days ago
Karime Well I don't know  These days I tell
her to tell me What day and what do I know
these days tomorrow has passed or the other
these days streamer naked woman with
AI It's that I'm not going to allow that, it's not
something that I support, it's not something that
I agree with and therefore I
unfollow you Because if I think that someone
is doing things wrong, at least I should
stop following them, you know, I'm not the
typical one because there are a lot of people on the
internet V upload the space on Saturday pu
if they tell me to upload I have no
problem You already know, I don't always upload No, I wo
n't give names, I won't give names, there are a
lot of people on the internet who are dedicated to
following certain types of profiles because they
say, oh no, it's that I have to follow
reven, for example, the one on Twitter who is
super misogynistic, or clonac pan, eh It's not
that I have to follow reven and clonac
pan because of course since I am dedicated to the
internet, I am within the internet, eh I'm not
saying it for, like, okay. This is going to sound
like I'm saying this for one person, but I
'm not referring to that person, I
'm referring to another, well  it doesn't matter
anyway I don't think I don't think it's a
justification No I follow him
simply to see what he publishes I don't know
what no I mean the moment you
follow a
person you are indirectly supporting their
content Therefore you are supporting what
he says or she says or the ideas that that
person shares and it is that it is truly
horrible I also do not support everything that you
do or say but I do not base your entire
person on a tweet or a clip or
an action man but do not compare me
publishing a nude of a woman without her
consent With what I mean what I mean
with a feminist opinion you
are comparing me like uploading
a nude photo
of a woman without consent to objectify her and
put it like with opinions that I may
have are not I mean I am not
disrespectful I mean to me that seems disrespectful I mean I understand that
you stop following me if you
think that I am a person who has
disrespected someone at some
point well let's see I mean I have
disrespected people at some
moment but with a How do you say with
a justification How do you say chat with
a justification I mean I don't know what the
word is with a motive You know why I've been
missing them first you know this thing about
the AI image I didn't get to see it I only
saw the cat thing basically I uploaded an
image of arig gameplays naked with AI I do
n't know if it was censored or not but I know
that image was naked because
I remember that you about the image cona I
mean being a woman on the internet there are
things that I know more from living them you know and
these types of things I as soon as I see an
image I know if it's made with AI or not you
know Because and the girl has lived through
a lot of things on the internet to know
when things are made with AI or
not in this aspect you know what it is to
justify a follow since it's
chopped you have to know understand that
people don't have to follow you I
mean me Look I'll tell you like this I'll
tell you as it is
many people have unfollowed me okay at many
times in my life You know like
people that I followed and maybe they have
unfollowed me but it's like I don't  I'm
going to go after you to ask you for
explanations of why you unfollowed me it
's like well your meddling
you'll have I'm not going to force you to
tell me I'm not bitten but don't make me
enter
swampy grounds When I see that you start
uploading content that I see that it doesn't go with
those intentions or what you know I will give you the
follow again but I need to see
a change, I
mean after having so many
traumatic experiences with men I have developed
a skill that when people
come to me and tell me something through words
and not actions I don't end up believing it I
'm not one of the clashes because I didn't
feel like
entering
because it seems to me like dropping viewers it
seems to me or rather entering a Well she just
reminded me because it's that later
during the day I don't remember I just
reminded me that I should
write to her okay I just wrote to her and the
day she tells me we will do it but I
think I'm going to go to chat with
her for the main I mean I'm going to go
to chat with her for the
main channel and then around here you will have
the excerpts so okay go to
the channel  main by the way
by the way you
have a video on the main channel okay I do
n't know if you've
seen it you have a video on the channel I don't know if you've
seen it but anyway if you haven't seen it you
can see it later we have a little thing here that they sent me it wasn't included in the plans but this what the [ __ ] is the one you're saying praise ra again today he continues with his thing continues with his thing the dude poor thing no eh let's see man can you tell me How can I get
to kin street You better move your
partner in black son I'll suck your dick
buddy it can't
be man can you tell me How can I
get to kin street You better
move your partner in black ocul I'll
suck your dick buddy what did you say I
'll suck your dick
not for free
man Oh
man I'll tell you what you have to do go
to the corner then three blocks to
the right and you'll be on greens show street
okay by the way the guy yesterday started
answering the legum pasasa regarding
that eh Don't even worry my gift this this
cut this part place we put it in the
in the previous one okay, I mean even if
Princess was involved you add them to the
previous one okay don't even worry mid Don at
this point we all know that Javi
lies for a profession and that he's
Dallas's dog yu pass haha It just pisses him off
that we can say it
openly What a character Thanks for
responding
cringe cringe the Christmas devil
eh What else What other duty do we have around
here
Oh that he has nothing to fear nothing to hide
and it seems that there are those who prefer to
keep some things to themselves Oh It seems that
Andy Andy reveals okay it's the channel in case you
want to see it in full The live broadcast has
given a bombshell not on the subject of
Well you already know that Ricky is accused
in a in a subject of alleged
gender violence eh And it
is I congratulate you Javi for being able to read what he
says a pass I don't understand anything It's that
the large text not Karime but
by Perea as if skipped no but
listen to me well this exclusive that
Andy has given practically apparently is
that there is news about the procedure
in which Ricky is accused they are
investigating him for alleged
gender violence because the and  He reported it okay You
know it's a procedure eh that's been
going on and that it's been a while, I mean I do
n't know if they'll say the date here now
but it's been a while and there have
been things, I mean there have already been things Ali
had to go to court to testify they
called her and I imagine they called
Ricky or something like that let's go
listen to it secretly wink puts
this tet 50 to the first person who
guesses the exact time that Dani
knocks down this video to continue hiding
evidence evidence son what evidence eh your
account has been blocked just like they
blocked your account like in Normal
copyright onet Daniel okay it's supposed to
be Dallas such and such And that and well this
guy talks a lot about
someone else when he shouldn't be talking and he
says well in the end I'm not saying it I'm saying it
a judge What things the judge voided
this guy's contract for I don't know what thing and
such Ricky how badly your
own tweets are going to play on you I swear man but
apart from that it doesn't make sense well
in the end I'm not saying it I'm saying it  judge
as if this had proven
Ricky right in any of the antics
he was saying, whether it's that he's playing with
little kids, man, let's see what Ricky
was saying was that he used the
Dallas confidentiality agreements Dallas
used them to abuse and mistreat the
people he was hanging out with and that of
course they couldn't report him because that
would mean having to tell a
lawyer or a judge and they are third
parties so it would break the
confidentiality I mean what you were saying
Ricky is that you're stupid in other
words what you were saying is that you
thought you were criticizing Dallas
but in reality what you were
saying is that you were stupid
So I don't understand they're going to play against you a lot they're
going to play your
own tweets against you super against you I swear I
swear we saw this one Ah no, it's not the
same as they're going to play against you
criticizing, anyway the guy just
filed a copyright lawsuit for not so that they
don't give me back the rewind and he
has the balls to post a tweet
saying that Dallas is throwing away a video for
copyright and  that's it and the
hypocrite who is effectively Uncle
Ricky doesn't give a damn, stop and cut it short because
the exclusive that I'm going to give you, pay attention,
like, subscribe because it really is
an exclusive And the thing is that I'm going to
look at it because I don't know the exact date, March 12th, when Ricky declares telematically on the Ali issue, I'll leave it there. So Ricky has to declare telematically, I imagine because he has requested it so as not to go in person for whatever reason, okay,
telematically means Well, that he's going to a
court that has been accepted for this,
no, it will be the one in Andorra or the
one in
Crdoba, no, I don't know the truth, or at home, he
can also do it from home,
okay What's up Fran, but is that to
put it on or
what is an audio to put it on or what,
marujo So Ricky Edi, they
are already, well, he is accused the other
day Pablo said the number of the diligence, I
don't know what, I don't know how much that were
open and and we'll see how how
the move turns out for him And what is it? And what is
it  that he's going to testify and he's going to
excuse himself I don't
know, I'll leave it on March 12th, really,
ma'am, in exactly one month, uh, in exactly one month,
Ricky has to testify as a
defendant in the alleged
gender violence and gentlemen, this is the huge
exclusive that I was getting And the
Ali issue is about what he's talking about, it's gone super
fast No, yeah, let's see, super fast, it doesn't
take time, it's already going in the right time
and I'm glad that justice is
moving quickly with, I don't really know what
Ricky is talking about, it
's true how quickly, how quickly
this issue is moving, I swear, uh,
you'll comment on it on the t It depends on how
busy the
court is, late, I prefer not, I prefer
not, Ricky, damn it, Ricky has already been
notified that, by the way, he's on
vacation at Disney, he's gone to
Disney with his girlfriend and another girl, so
Ricky already has notification
of the issue, uh, that the other
day Wait, what is he
telling me? Oh, okay, I don't know, it's that Fran will go
like further back  in the live and and and he's
commenting on the discussion that
he and I are going to do Okay and and he says to me Listen to it
first and you decide your responsibility
Fran we can call it the discussion without any
holds barred whoever comes to debate and whoever
comes to speak we'll ask each other the
most [ __ ] questions in the world let's see the
idea that we have that we're
both going to be there and we'll have guests
obviously and we're counting
commenting on things and so on I don't know we're
still we're planning How are we
going to plan it what day are we going to
put it on and all that stuff okay but yeah
man of course let's see without any holds barred like
no we're not going to monetize a [ __ ] [ __ ] it's
clear we already
know you Well that's it we already have the
notification invite says Daro guests
Dallas Dalas and then Dalas No man
us We can invite a
lot of people Ricky is already back Ah Well Okay I've
already taken it if it goes fast the issue
is because there are serious things don't read me
up I'm going Ana I'm already back I'm back
eh Ana what did you tell me Pablo does not
dare he is back he is back esc has
taken  shotgun Look how good Ana what did
you tell me Jo it's that no I can't find it
damn lati 50 members but this what a
gift no Hey but we were here
super chill Look what a gift 16 of 50
super chat 50 members how are you
family Thank you very much and and above
all I want a round of applause in the chat for
lati who has given away 50 members No more and no
less which is no small
thing let's see if I find you queen And that we are
going to have news very soon Uy
how scary trolas I don't know what
exactly you want me to see Ana
I understand that it depends on the after
that statement Well the host Rodri
just gave away 50 and lauti another 50 but
this has been in 2 minutes 150 members
in 2 minutes Fran I mean our chat
Fran eh it's going to give a lot to
talk about eh it's going to give a lot to talk about the
bad thing is that it's not going to monetize and and and and yes it's
going to cost me money in lawsuits every
moment but
well
listen to me after this after
this are the  normal preliminary proceedings
Okay then it depends on how they
see the case after Ricky's testimony
then
proceed to trial or not ok
I understand that Ricky's defense will ask for it to
be dismissed But well with things
going on I don't know if he'll get it or
not
[ __ ] is that I have been busy since the morning of the
2 with medical consultations are
bets accepted he will answer
Ali's lawyer's questions [ __ ] are
bets accepted he will answer he will
answer some things will he tell the
truth no let's see of course he may not
testify he may not answer the
questions no I don't know if the judge's and the
prosecutor's But well if he refuses to
answer the
questions my God Rick he thinks
the courts are going to give him the nonsense What is he
doing YouTube of course applauds him kid and
his
fantasies
No he has already been notified of all the
lawsuits he has
about alali it is in the alali issue
So nothing gives too much time the subject takes too long
I obviously saw it coming
that it was going to take too long because there are
many things in fact as you well know
I was the one who compiled absolutely
all the videos that by the way no longer  they
are on his channel I have them
all downloaded and he deleted videos recently I don't know if
when he got the notification or whatever he deleted it he
deleted
content
look here it appears
a you put on that Ricky has every day I curse my
mother who gave birth to me eh be
Ricky has every day 800000 views a
million okay so here there are
700000 deleted if you This is what appears
negative it means that here Maybe
2 million because of course whatever he
had that day minus what he
deleted was deleted like a couple of
million views from his channel on
January 22nd
okay apart from that me me the other dz I
realized when I made that video about
the lawsuit I realized that I
searched I went to look for the video of our
truth and it was uploaded there was a
reupload this video there was a
reupload Well as of
last week Ricky has deleted it or he has deleted it
or he has contacted the person with whom he
had reuploaded it to remove it but
come on I would bet because he has deleted it
okay or so until  a week well I do
n't know if a week 10 days or whatever is
worth it because the days fly by for me
I'm a youtuber but until recently until
a couple of weeks ago Maybe you were
looking for the real one and an reupload appeared and
also had a ton of
visits and he deleted it he deleted it he
deleted it So I think I imagine that if
everything is squared away then he must have
received the notification and he must have said
damn it's true I [ __ ] on
10 and and I also have it with the
transcript of everything in case it's necessary I do
n't know why he deletes anything if it's that it doesn't matter I mean it doesn't matter that he deletes
everything and also from what Andrea said
and a lot of
what is in the complaint are
private matters I mean conversations
between them discussions and
so on
so for anything everything is
presented eh will he answer it's already
done what's the point of
deleting if anything deletes things that aren't
there But hey the people who are now
around Ricky edy feminist well I'll
leave it for another time I know he
will answer it's most likely that yes
watching this week  people
condemned him for meddling it's true man And it's that
his own tweets are going to turn against him
man Andrea that set is not
cool at all you have to go somewhere else
quey a little boti boti how much they have to
hate you
my mother my mother eh let's see if there in
the trial he starts to testify you up
me down to the judge and says you up me
down I'm famous I have more money than
you or he says old to the judge he doesn't say
old old you don't understand old let's
see the games What happens is you have to
learn to speak with respect let's see if he
laughed at me because of my clip of
Zorro let's see if he laughs so much there and
explain to him why he has to
explain a few things that are
worse than those of Zorro there he has to
explain Why he started laughing in
an Ali podcast saying that he
sucked off I don't know
who
my mother my mother
all for everything for for for for
meddling and for for joking and for and
for his ego
eh everything for everything for being well he would have
rot but look at you eh How how
capricious time eh that I at the
time When I made the video with the
exclusives eh apart from that apart from
that I interviewed Tudor apart from that I
commented that Ali in private was going was
telling the friends that we had to
deceive Ricky one of the things that I
said is that Lalii was going to report him that she did
n't even quote that Lali was the profile
also no I mean that the one who was
going to report him okay And the guy
wrote me a tweet saying that you
precisely have disappointed me you could have
asked me and he blocked me there he
blocked me then he unblocked me
when he got over his anger when no
but then he
unblocked me And
now what desire to complicate life
no that something We're going let's
go to
what he has sent me places for
Twitter says Lali idea for your chat
with
Fran to call him
sparking sparks more sauce
Lali it's time to sleep Uy Lali
Lili it's time to sleep It's time to sleep
Lili be enough  I'm going to have
grandpa here doing Boomer things like
adding sparkle to the program and at the
beginning clarify Hey, so you know,
sparkle is sparks plus sauce I
mean, incredible eh incredible your contribution
I appreciate the intention in what it
says but I'm almost going to put a
chat with Fran Eh well chat with
Fran not chat and that's it guys
eh what can I tell you I'm going to bed
well to bed I don't have to record a
video for the main one that I'll leave you
there okay I don't know if on Twitter You're going to have
more gossip okay on Twitter You're going to have
more gossip and it's not only that
you're going to have more gossip on Twitter
but there
are
videos in the
main one two videos there in the main one
that you have to
see two videos, the one with Anabel Pantoja and the one I
uploaded today with the case of
Marian What's Marian's name? What is it that we
've never talked about this girl
Well you can see it on the main channel a
kiss thanks to everyone for the company
Thank you very much for the Super chat
Thank you so much for all the
members of the night and see you on
Twitter okay on Twitter you have the SEO in
5 minutes
[Music]
G